Improve documentation (#321)
kimai/www.kimai.org: _documentation/store.md

title: Foo
type: plugin
```

> Also, you have to replace `{% raw %}{% include store/keleo-custom-content-bundle.md %}{% endraw %}` with some introduction text for your new item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to replace `{% raw %}{% include store/keleo-custom-content-bundle.md %}{% endraw %}` with some introductory text for your new item.
```
